dev: add a basic document on some autotest test utilities (#7776)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/autotest-tests.rst

.. _autotest-tests.rst:

==============
Autotest Tests
==============

> The autotest suite is constantly evolving.  There are a lot of convenience functions available to make writing tests fast, and there is a lot of things your test can assume when it starts and stops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The autotest suite is constantly evolving.  There are a lot of predefined convenience functions available (see `Vehicle tests <https://github.com/ArduPilot/ardupilot/blob/master/Tools/autotest/vehicle_test_suite.py>`__ , as well is individual vehicle test, like `Plane tests <https://github.com/ArduPilot/ardupilot/blob/master/Tools/autotest/arduplane.py>`__) to make writing tests fast, and there are a lot of things your test can assume when it starts and stops
```

This document outlines some of the assumptions you can make and some of the utilities you can take advantage of.

Assumptions Your test Can Make
==============================

Location
--------
For the Copter test suite you can assume the vehicle starts and the same location each time.

Plane starts roughly in the CMAC location.

QuadPlane always starts in the same location in Dalby.

All other tests do not guarantee a starting location or rotation.

Contexts
========

> Contexts allow test suite state to be rolled back conveniently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contexts allow test suite state changes to be rolled back conveniently.
```

> Each test gets an implicit context, and you can push any number of contexts on top of the stack.  You do not need to wrap your test in a context - you get one for free from the harness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each test gets an implicit context, and you can push any number of contexts on top of the stack.  You do not need to wrap your test in a context - you get one for free at the beginning each test module.
```

Author: This is impinging on Python syntax with the word "module".  I'm not sure what you mean by it, actually - tests are functions, not modules (that's actually a lie, but now you're the second person on the planet to know that).

Reviewer: Just looking for a term to quantify a test sequence..(subtest)..function is at bit confusing...maybe just test sequence?

Author: It's the method which people create (and add to the list of tests) - which is invariable called a "test".

Anything else is a "subtest" (marked with a method call or otherwise).

... the other thing is that it *encloses* the test, it's not "at the beginning" of each test.

Maybe "you get one for free for your test"?

> When you pop a context various state is reverted to the way it was before the context was pushed.  Notably:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you pop a context, various state change are reverted to the way it was before the context was pushed.  Notably:
```

>  - parameters are unset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - parameters are reverted to their values before the context change
```
